one of the ships strategies are dying person for most of the war. Strategy
that is dying out at on arrival is because I say you know your
team. You know you shift. Everyone's gonna know. Oh, you know, out never
falls through That I've always is nothing. Expect what you inspect,
s So you know this This is the end of the end of the hall here
with it. You know, I'm just going to war. Use up Booth at the same time.
There is a time and place for that in the Marines. And we're gonna
take a hell. Yeah, that way right now. Uh, no, we're not. We're
not sure of that. You shot at. That's not gonna flow. So the best thing
you could do is understand your mission, understand the technology,
understand your capability to fight the mission that will know that
we hope you get